Add --memory-usage option to client in non interactive mode (#66393)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/interfaces/cli.md

- `--format, -f` – Use the specified default format to output the result.
- `--vertical, -E` – If specified, use the [Vertical format](../interfaces/formats.md#vertical) by default to output the result. This is the same as `–format=Vertical`. In this format, each value is printed on a separate line, which is helpful when displaying wide tables.
- `--time, -t` – If specified, print the query execution time to ‘stderr’ in non-interactive mode.

> - `--memory-usage` – If specified, print the query memory usage to ‘stderr’ in non-interactive mode.

Author: ```suggestion
- `--memory-usage` – If specified, print memory usage to ‘stderr’ in non-interactive mode]. Possible values: 'none' - do not print memory usage, 'default' - print number of bytes, 'readable' - print memory usage in human-readable format.
```
